About
A simple program that made "Just-for-fun". It may be useful, for example,
athletes, losing weight, or just monitoring their health. It isn't Trojan or
Barmin's patch. When a user attempts to shoot in the leg yourself , it will be
resist.


What does it do?
What initially began as a simple program (so it still is) it has acquired
different functions. Thus, in addition to rapid evaluation "How many calories do
I get when I eat %food", it can do more complex calculations or create menu. As
well as working with a database and a small comfort for a user.


How to use
Main window:
  Enter name of food, weight in grams and click on "Calculate". Click on 
"Autocomlete" will open autocomplete menu (or substitute automatically), click
on "Search window" will open search window.
  Hotkeys:
    Ctrl+S - Open search  window
    Ctrl+N - Add item to the database
    Ctrl+W - Edit item in the database
    Ctrl+M - Open window with advanced calculator. It can save calculations to
             file.
    F1     - This help
    Tab    - Switch on objects
    Enter (in the search line) - Open autocomplete menu

Search window:
  Introduce something. Get something in return.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects
    Enter (in the search line) - Same as click on "Search"

Add item to the database:
  Add item to the database. You may leave numeric fields blank.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects

Edit item in the database:
  Edit database. Name can not be changed. You may leave numeric fields blank.
Click on "Autocomlete" will open autocomplete menu (or substitute
automatically), click on "Search window" will open search window, click on
"Remove" will remove item from the database.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects
    Enter (in the search line) - Open autocomplete menu

Create menu:
  You can do calculations with more number of items. And save it to file ("Save
as ..."). Click on "Autocomlete" will open autocomplete menu (or substitute
automatically), click on "Search window" will open search window, click on
"Search" will search for item in the database and will update values, click on
"Add" will add item and its weight in the list.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects
    Enter (in the search line) - Open autocomplete menu

Select database:
  Select database and write it to configuration file.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects

Copy database:
  Copy current database.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects

Change the language:
  You can change the language.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects

Help:
  This help.
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects

About:
  A small window "About"
  Hotkeys:
    Esc    - Close
    Tab    - Switch on objects

Autocomplete window:
  Substitutes selected position to search line. Selection is made mouse or arrow
keys.
  Hotkeys:
    DoubleClick, Enter - Select position
    Esc    - Close

Error:
  It is mythical window. A good user doesn't see it.


About database
There are two databases made in semi-automatic mode. First in English
(mechanical translation) and second in Russian. The rest do yourself. I
recommend use program interface for adding item to the database. However, I note
that the database contains the line as follow string:

  item_name;;proteins;;fats;;carbohydrates;;food_energy;;glycemic_index

All numbers are stored as float (that is something like 1.23 or 0.0). I
recommend entering item name in lower case. Space are allowed. Also original
database doesn't include data on glycemic index (it include 0.0 instead glycemic
index). All numeric values are recorded per 100 weight units.


About localization
Actually, I have nothing to say here. There are Russian and English. I seriously
doubt that anything more will be added.


Specification
Dependencies:
  Python2.7
  PyQt4
  Qt4
  
Configuration file (food_gui.ini):
  Windows - the working directory
  Linux   - ~/.config/food_gui/

Database:
  I recommend copy it to your working directory (Windows) or to
~/.config/food_gui/ (Linux). But it could be anywhere.

Installation:
  Linux:
    1) Make sure that everything is in place (dependencies, /usr/bin/python2.7).
    2) Run the script.
    3) You can copy the script to somewhere.
    or
    1b) Get binary file.
  Windows:
    1) Install all dependencies.
    2a) Run the script.
    or
    2b) Install pyinstaller.
    3b) Run the script "pyinstaller.bat".
    4b) Run *.exe file (somewhere .\food_gui\dist\).
    or
    1c) Get *.exe file. However its work for all systems isn't guatanteed
    (compiled under Windows7-x64).
  MacOS:
    1) Remove MacOS.
    2) Install Linux.
    3) Install for Linux.
    P.S.: You can also fixed a script yourself.

Bugs and offers
I will fix bugs possibly. I promise nothing about offers. For all questions:
  
  e-mail: esalexeev@gmail.com
  Jabber: arcanis@jabber.ru
  ICQ: 407-398-235
